Highlander
good evening dear friends with you again
I am Bleuk Alexander and today in the dressing room and
with us now is alexander alexander himself
as with your mood and the country is very
good ones
here they are by the way wrote a hymn it
parties took us
here in the water it's cool come here too
and this girl who promises me
break all fingers especially pinky
Catherine Rogovskaya Catherine you
prepared for tonight yes I
ill as I could and yes I prepared
let's go see what's going on
down below
hi i'm here i just go and
additives
I would work like this hello
hello how are you already
true your couple today on
mara or and as far as you ought to pareto
but of course you go from where sense
sense of meaning
i go there
this is an example yes by passing by passing by you.
type very nice listen you can play with
you were in the game to guess which hand
tickling
bumps
thanks for that ben ben ben ben all
and I gave the bullets to the eye
and now we go by 2
but
hero
and your corrector is to the right
other
but
shut down
in the meantime, my character quit smoking
I think I'll take a couple
2 disc at home by mistake waiting
bye okay I'm flash shoulder packaged
what are you
fine
I have a normal good evening too
what are your expectations of all right
hi guys how is your mood like
you all are all without trouble my brother
I see your circle although my friend
winds
Dima let's support dmitri she
return shy
tell me about how fast sober up
here is a lemon
smash hello why do you go there already
loggia morning
talk on the phone is not something we
We understand that Valak Alexander with his
fragment drawn to us too to
that is how it ends its dialogue
I when the microphone and good luck lexander
broadcast and tell everything as it is
you know how to do it all good
friends and bye